the way you press Mike at ping-pong is
such a tournament you wanna you know I'd
love to but I'm a little tired I'll put
a pillowcase over my head drunk okay
maybe a shower which by the way there's
no law against and now I'm gonna grab
some food so if what that wrong yeah you
can hear everything to these stupid
walls
sounds like he's with someone he could
be alone this morning I heard him do
push-ups and then talk to his triceps
yeah I hear someone who's in there with
him
dr. Geller go do amazing I didn't even
have to ask you to call me that
oh my god Charlie she's cheating on Joey
with Ross Oh Julian I'm not sure about
this yeah you you're right this is none
of our business
no I'm not sure that is the best way to
hear everything okay I'm gonna eavesdrop
on my friend I can't believe I'm kissing
you look kissing Rachel you and Joey
Joey
whoa
Oh
you know before you said that nothing
could happen between us what changed
well I only said that because of Ross
hmm when I saw him kissing Charlie what
Ross and Charlie wow she's really making
her way through the group huh Lana
talked Rachel and Jen tell the dinosaur
twins in the other room wall anything I
think I hear curtains closing in fact
she's being kicked off over here that's
your brother leave it
Mohsen Charlie Joey and Rachel Phoebe
and Mike we're the only people leaving
with the favors and we came with that's
not true I came with Monica I'm leaving
with Weird Al okay I've had it with the
hair jokes tomorrow morning before we
leave I'm going to the salon okay
buckling because you're gonna hear this
it's great a sec it's like free porn
City okay yeah it's just I don't think I
can do this oh is it because of what
might be on the bedspread cuz I saw that
news report - with the infrared ID no no
look I need to talk to Joey I mean you
guys just broke up before anything more
happens between us I need to know he's
okay with it
I am I completely understand all right
I'm gonna go find him I just need a need
a second before I can feel
okay that's the door he's gone and she's
turning on the TV and watching Miss
Congeniality
honey if you know it through a wall you
know it too well
hey what you guys doing sad to go so
we're just saying goodbye to the hotel I
love you Paradise Hotel Resort and Spa
we are great time thank you
hi okay I'm gonna see Joey anywhere he's
probably in his room his current
girlfriend charlie
that's the situation's we know
well if you see it can you please tell
him I'm looking for him you got things
thank you
wait you there that's Ross are we gonna
do okay just just better this video I'm
just become rhinos we just we're just
hanging out together wait to just be
nonchalant you won't no idea what I mean
hey you know what jelly is I really
don't can I talk to you for Louise yeah
sure yes have you guys been listening
side of the wall and then she told me
that she and Joey had broken up and that
part of the reason was that she had
feelings for me
uh-huh yeah Charlie ounces a day I met
her I know I know it's been really hard
for you one thing led to another and
before you know it we were kissing how
angry do you think Joey's gonna be that
is hard to say where I said hard to say
he's gonna be here someplace
you would think Toby
is he gone I've been listening this
entire time yeah what is this what is
this well let's say we were kids for ten
minutes and now we're talking to our
friends about it so I guess this is six
trade we thought about you know
complicated this could get what about
Ross look he's with Charlie now yeah but
he wants to talk to you before anything
really happens with her and as his
friend I mean don't you think he
deserves the same from you you know the
pain in my ass Geller
look we appreciate all the advice but
this is between Joey and me and I think
we can handle it hey well we'll go back
in there but we do one thing for us the
people that care about you sure you none
see eight are they right probably yeah
maybe we should hold off until we talk
to Ross yeah yeah wait we have to do
anything tonight yeah I think that'd be
fast so so I'm gonna I'm gonna take off
although I like although me you know
Ross and I haven't dated in like six
years six years Wow
almost as long as high school plus you
know he is with Charlie you absolutely
he's not thinking about you yeah I'm
thinking about you yeah let's forget
about house forgotten
what's wrong nothing seriously what is
it it's really nothing come here what's
wrong there you could just um I can't
seem to get Ross out of my head hey
there you go
not quite Monica still at the salon and
I'm just finishing packing dude you're
not taking your Bible you're not
supposed to take that besides it's a New
Testament what are you gonna do with it
learn about Jesus hey so did you talk to
tell me oh no no I couldn't find him
I'm just gonna talk to him on the plane
yeah sounds like a good idea dr. Geller
stop it yeah something actually I think
she went to the salon oh yeah oh she
went to the salon all right
hey baby I think I think I can see your
scalp yeah yeah you got shellfish in
your head besides something you go
girlfriend never said then your life
have you not once
I'm so glad you did that
it's a treat for the eyes and the ears
Wow it said kind of where them sitting
next to Charlie after we broke up yeah
tell us as if air Barbados doesn't care
about your social life does someone mind
switching the signal trolley
oh I am I dude I spent the whole
conference with Charlie and no I'll do
it for someone I really don't wanna sit
with allen iverson over there and you
know once we're in the air the captain
turns off the seatbelt sign you feel
free to roam about my cabin you should
be careful when checking your overhead
bins exciting's my shift during the pas
you're not good at this you don't do all
that I did yeah I think I could come
over Saturday right Oh what um I can't
do anything tonight why not
I have a date you have a date with who
Oh my girlfriend I have a girlfriend
yeah well I won't I broke up I started
seeing someone
well for how long three months three
months okay this is probably none of my
business but um how long do you think
you're gonna keep saying her it's over
time to dinner hey I crumbs okay you do
that and then when you get home maybe
they'll be a special delivery package
waiting for you Terry Oh
you know what we're gonna have sex let's
just leave it there it's our last winter
Barbados my last glimpse of anything I'm
gonna go talk to Joey I think this is
the right time he's always in a good
mood after the flight attendant says
duty-free okay good luck
you know if he's not okay with this then
nothing more can happen between us you
know well that's the case I just want
you to know that I think I could have
fallen for you really moving hard on the
other hand if he is okay with us time
you know what's cash whatever I can't be
really good time to talk to him
I guess so I'm just really nervous okay
well keep in mind that by the time
you're done I'll probably be starting
dinner I'm gonna get those on hey wait
delay the fighting sit here person yeah
yeah sure yeah
okay so I kind of need to talk about
Charlie yeah okay last night after you
guys broke up so sorry to hear about
that by the way Charlie and I were
talking and well because what would give
you that idea
I saw you have we kissed nothing else
nothing else happened okay Russell it's
okay what
it's okay key I totally understand I
mean you guys make way more sense than
her and I ever did and I want you to be
happy
are you serious yeah now I have some
fine am speechless the fact that you
would put my happiness first like that I
mean you're an incredible friend you
know they're looking for you no I mean
it
you are so you're so lowly oh man and
then stuff --less and Gentiles I am
those things
Chandler longer so I always think of him
as my best friend but now I have to
rethink some stuff
but if there is ever anything I can do
for you I can't think of anything so you
let me talk to Joey oh yeah we had a
really good talk oh it's creative so
everything's okay oh it's great it was
great yes she's an amazing guy well
obviously I think so too
well I'm so excited about this really
are you kidding I have had some very
dirty dreams about this excuse me did
you
I couldn't he was saying all these
really nice things about me I didn't
want to get mad and take them all back
over there when we fashioned your angle
to him thank you
hi Mike's place hey it's Mike who knows
fast
oh no she's not yet you know I think I'm
just gonna take off and break up with
her over the phone you can't do that oh
come on Mike strap on a pair you just
tell her that we got back together you
know women appreciate honesty we also
appreciate gentle spanking when snowy
step away on one more thing there might
be a picture of precious on the coffee
table
her name is precious she a pure-breed or
did you pick her up at the pound okay oh
and you know if she gets upset just
scratch her tummy and give her a liver
snap
hello what do you know another hot
blonde hi I'm precious who are you I'm
Phoebe Phoebe
Mike's ex-girlfriend Phoebe the love of
his life that's Edie Oh she'll take I
can't wait for everyone it worked -
sneaky you go back to work tomorrow
night right yeah so if you want people
see them then by definition you're not
having them taken out say at the break
of dawn I had them take it out then I
wouldn't be able to do this
what are you singing its molaro from ten
it's right of the Valkyries from
Apocalypse Now
here's the thing the cornrows are really
a solution to your frizzy hair problem
and now they're home you don't have that
problem anymore so if you think about it
I hate them you said you liked in did I
let's refresh I believe what I said was
that I could see your scalp and say you
like him everybody else dies again let's
journey back as I recall what Rachel
said was she had never noticed the shape
of your skull before journey
well Joey didn't realize it was anything
different I don't care
I might get like this on air like you
say you're just telling us because your
hair can't do this
get yourself in - oh my god I missed you
Oh am i missed you so good hey to job at
the time with Grandma Greene huh did she
give you a bottle of antidepressants
again to use as a rattle time Ross I
never only like five milligrams my daddy
has some presents for you okay okay I
want you to wait right here please
haha Ross um actually there's something
that uh I really need to talk to you
about okay shoot okay um all right
here's the deal
Oh major shampoo explosion
this really isn't easy everything
why why me if you took 300 bottles of
shampoo this news were just going too
well for me I'm sorry I'm sorry you were
saying well yeah okay look it's about me
and another one and it's just moisturize
oh it's even harder to clean
why why do bad things happen to good
people
well clearly this is not a good time
okay fine all right so Mike's on his way
over see you thought you guys were
meeting here and he thought you were
meeting at the restaurant so yeah so the
really matter who's right or wrong
point is I'm gonna take off I'm not
letting you leave until you tell me
what's going on here I mean are you guys
getting back together or something all
right
Susie can I call you Susie my name is
patience I can't say that Susie I'm
gonna be straight with you
Mike and I are back together and
unfortunately that effectively ends your
relationship with him
and he's very sorry about that and
wishes you the best of luck and all your
endeavors I just can't believe that why
oh why would he do this I mean what's
wrong with me
nothing there's nothing wrong with you
the hell am I supposed to do now damn it
woman pull yourself together okay I'm
not a fan of the tough love believe that
Blake didn't give me any warning but he
didn't really know you know he wasn't
planning on coming to Barbados and
proposing to me he proposed to you this
is the worst birthday ever
look precious
you're an attractive intelligent woman
and let's face it Mike's kind of a Wang
proposed to me while he was still seeing
you he was gonna break up with you on
your birthday
and I don't like to kiss until but he
cheated on you a lot this weekend you're
right maybe I don't need him I deserve
to be treated with respect
screw you Mike you're a coward and a
bastard and I hope you rot in hell
there for a long time is everything okay
not really I have a problem what
happened well I was dancing around
singing no woman no cry I got stuck
can't do it all oh I can move if I
entangle you will you please get rid of
the cornrows I guess so
some of these look a little frayed yeah
I tried you know myself free hey hi so
did you uh did you tell Roz
now I tried but then he had a shampoo
related emergency so I guess now it's
your turn again
no no no no I think it's better if you
tone you know it's easier for a woman
that way you know if he gets mad all you
have to do is go I didn't mean it
yeah that's what we do how about this
how about this tomorrow tomorrow we'll
both go and we'll tell them together
okay since fear that just means that
once again I don't know but that's okay
I mean we can control ourselves and I've
Hannibal now of course we can wait
what'd I tell you that means you know
again yep good night good night good
night
seriously you night stop saying good
night okay
you say I've never where'd it now that I
entangle you how much you do a little
something for me sure what do you have
in mind I think you know really well I
don't know I feel like it this is what I
want to do okay don't get like I like it
so much she's an FBI agent posing as a
beauty competitor